---
title: "story"
bg: blue
color: white
---

# How we met
My twin sister Leanna is the reason Jens and I met (there I said it, happy Leanna?) Really, I just turned around one day and Jens was there. He was smiling, a big bright smile, and he seemed happy to see me. I was at my first meeting at University of Pennsylvania’s chapter of Alpha Phi Omega (APO), a co-ed community service fraternity. I did not attend UPenn, and really had no reason to join the fraternity, but I was trying to meet new people and Leanna encouraged me to try APO. I’m glad she did, and she certainly does deserve credit for how Jens and I met. About 20 minutes into the fraternity mix and mingle I was ready to leave and write a big check mark next to APO on my, ‘things to try,’ list. I went over to Leanna and said something just like that. She said gave me a firm turn around and said, ‘Go meet people, here, meet, Jens.” And there was Jens, smiling. We talked, about nothing in particular, but as we talked I knew we were going to be friends. It took a few more months, many more conversations, and an official date at a German style Carnival Party for us to actually begin our relationship together (and that is not thanks to Leanna).
  
# The Proposal
April 2015 was a big month for Tara. She was graduating with her MFA from DigiPen and moving to Los Angeles to start working as a Disney Imagineer. Little did she know that I was preparing the most important event. I planned to propose to her the week of her graduation. However, it took me longer to find the courage and to get hold  of her twin sister, who lives in new Jersey, her two older sisters who live in Chicago and Baltimore, her father, who lives in DC and brother, who is teaching English in Cambodia. After I had received blessing from the everyone, Tara was already in California and my time was limited to our biweekly visits to each other. On first visit back to Seattle I suggested we take the water taxi to west Seattle, something that was on our bucket list for a long time. As we sat down on the water taxi, I was quite relieved to notice that the boat was mostly empty. Then a couple sat down right behind us and heightened my anxiety. Tara said are you going to propose now? I was shocked, did she know? I said "No" the most sincere way I could. Once the boat was in motion I told Tara there was a reason I wanted to take the water taxi today. I grabbed the ring in my jacket pocket, got down on my knees and said "Tara I love you and want to spend my whole life with you! Will you marry me?". She said "Yes!" To our great surprise no one on the boat noticed, everyone seemed to be looking at their phones. We got off and took our engagement picture.
[engagement photo](https://goo.gl/photos/KSxwcCqCxtbozmuq9)
